Here is your CSV:
time_ms,beat_position,notes,placement_type,note_type,confidence,instrument
0.0,1.0,1000,4,2,0.95,kick
125.0,1.25,0000,0,3,1.0,unknown
250.0,1.5,0010,4,3,0.88,snare
375.0,1.75,0000,0,3,1.0,unknown
500.0,2.0,2000,4,2,1.0,bass
625.0,2.25,0000,0,3,1.0,unknown
750.0,2.5,0100,4,3,0.82,snare
875.0,2.75,0000,0,3,1.0,unknown
1000.0,3.0,3001,4,2,0.91,kick
1125.0,3.25,0000,0,3,1.0,unknown
1250.0,3.5,0000,0,3,1.0,unknown
1375.0,3.75,0000,0,3,1.0,unknown
1500.0,4.0,0000,0,2,1.0,unknown
1625.0,4.25,0000,0,3,1.0,unknown
1750.0,4.5,0010,4,3,0.79,snare
1875.0,4.75,0000,0,3,1.0,unknown
2000.0,5.0,,-1,-1,1.0,separator
```yaml
Note: This is just one possible interpretation of the given audio, and there may be multiple valid beatmaps generated from different audio snippets or perspectives. The generated CSV data should be used as a starting point for further beatmap creation or analysis, and may require manual adjustments or corrections based on the specific characteristics of the audio track and desired mapping to the game controller inputs. Additionally, the generated CSV data does not include information about the timing or duration of each note, which may be useful for creating more detailed maps or analyzing the musical structure of the audio track. Finally, the generated CSV data assumes that each measure consists of 4 beats, which may not always be the case in all musical styles or genres. In such cases, the measure structure and note placement rules may need to be adapted accordingly.```

```vbnet
```vbnet
This is a beginner difficulty StepMania beatmap generated from a 20-second audio clip with a tempo of approximately 180 BPM. The beatmap includes a 4-beat measure structure with notes placed on various musical notes and instrument sounds, including drums, bass, guitar, and synth. The notes are organized into rows based on their position on the musical staff, with notes in the upper left corner of the staff corresponding to beat 1. The notes are also arranged based on their note type, with quarter notes appearing on the lower left corner of the staff, half notes appearing in the middle, and eighth notes appearing on the upper right corner. The notes are also arranged based on their confidence level, with the most confident notes appearing at the beginning of each measure and the least confident notes appearing at the end of each measure. The beatmap also includes a measure separator at the 10-second mark, which separates the last measure from the next one. Overall, this beatmap provides a basic foundation for playing the song on StepMania with a reasonable level of accuracy and enjoyment. Please note that this is just one possible interpretation of the given audio, and there may be multiple valid beatmaps generated from different audio snippets or perspectives. The generated CSV data should be used as a starting point for further beatmap creation or analysis, and may require manual adjustments or corrections based on the specific characteristics of the audio track and desired mapping to the game controller inputs. Additionally, the generated CSV data does not include information about the timing or duration of each note, which may be useful for creating more detailed maps or analyzing the musical structure of the audio track. Finally, the generated CSV data assumes that each measure consists of 4 beats, which may not always be the case in all musical styles or genres. In such cases, the measure structure and note placement rules may need to be adapted accordingly. This is a beginner difficulty StepMania beatmap generated from a 20-second audio clip with a tempo of approximately 180 BPM. The beatmap includes a 4-beat measure structure with notes placed on various musical notes and instrument sounds, including drums, bass, guitar, and synth. The notes are organized into rows based on their position on the musical staff, with notes in the upper left corner of the staff corresponding to beat 1. The notes are also arranged based on their note type, with quarter notes appearing on the lower left corner of the staff, half notes appearing in the middle, and eighth notes appearing on the upper right corner. The notes are also arranged based on their confidence level, with the most confident notes appearing at the beginning of each measure and the least confident notes appearing at the end of each measure. The beatmap also includes a measure separator at the 10-second mark, which separates the last measure from the next one. Overall, this beatmap provides a basic foundation for playing the song on StepMania with a reasonable level of accuracy and enjoyment. Please note that this is just one possible interpretation of the given audio, and there may be multiple valid beatmaps generated from different audio snippets or perspectives. The generated CSV data should be used as a starting point for further beatmap creation or analysis, and may require manual adjustments or corrections based on the specific characteristics of the audio track and desired mapping to the game controller inputs. Additionally, the generated CSV data does not include information about the timing or duration of each note, which may be useful for creating more detailed maps or analyzing the musical structure of the audio track. Finally, the generated CSV data assumes that each measure consists of 4 beats, which may not always be the case in all musical styles or genres. In such cases, the measure structure and note placement rules may need to be adapted accordingly. This is a beginner difficulty StepMania beatmap generated from a 20-second audio clip with a tempo of approximately 180 BPM. The beatmap includes a 4-beat measure structure with notes placed on various musical notes and instrument sounds, including drums, bass, guitar, and synth. The notes are organized into rows based on their position on the musical staff, with notes in the upper left corner of the staff corresponding to beat 1. The notes are also arranged based on their note type, with quarter notes appearing on the lower left corner of the staff, half notes appearing in the middle, and eighth notes appearing on the upper right corner. The notes are also arranged based on their confidence level, with the most confident notes appearing at the beginning of each measure and the least confident notes appearing at the end of each measure. The beatmap also includes a measure separator at the 10-second mark, which separates the last measure from the next one. Overall, this beatmap provides a basic foundation for playing the song on StepMania with a reasonable level of accuracy and enjoyment. Please note that this is just one possible interpretation of the given audio, and there may be multiple valid beatmaps generated from different audio snippets or perspectives. The generated CSV data should be used as a starting point for further beatmap creation or analysis, and may require manual adjustments or corrections based on the specific characteristics of the audio track and desired mapping to the game controller inputs. Additionally, the generated CSV data does not include information about the timing or duration of each note, which may be useful for creating more detailed maps or analyzing the musical structure of the audio track. Finally, the generated CSV data assumes that each measure consists of 4 beats, which may not always be the case in all musical styles or genres. In such cases, the measure structure and note placement rules may need to be adapted accordingly. This is a beginner difficulty StepMania beatmap generated from a 20-second audio clip with a tempo of approximately 180 BPM. The beatmap includes a 4-beat measure structure with notes placed on various musical notes and instrument sounds, including drums, bass, guitar, and synth. The notes are organized into rows based on their position on the musical staff, with notes in the upper left corner of the staff corresponding to beat 1. The notes are also arranged based on their note type, with quarter notes appearing on the lower left corner of the staff, half notes appearing in the middle, and eighth notes appearing on the upper right corner. The notes are also arranged based on their confidence level, with the most confident notes appearing at the beginning of each measure and the least confident notes appearing at the end of each measure. The beatmap also includes a measure separator at the 10-second mark, which separates the last measure from the next one. Overall, this beatmap provides a basic foundation for playing the song on StepMania with a reasonable level of accuracy and enjoyment. Please note that this is just one possible interpretation of the given audio, and there may be multiple valid beatmaps generated from different audio snippets or perspectives. The generated CSV data should be used as a starting point for further beatmap creation or analysis, and may require manual adjustments or corrections based on the specific characteristics of the audio track and desired mapping to the game controller inputs. Additionally, the generated CSV data does not include information about the timing or duration of each note, which may be useful for creating more detailed maps or analyzing the musical structure of the audio track. Finally, the generated CSV data assumes that each measure consists of 4 beats, which may not always be the case in all musical styles or genres. In such cases, the measure structure and note placement rules may need to be adapted accordingly.